Translate "Hjelpetext" to "Helper texts" (#572)
Altinn/altinn-studio-docs: content/app/design/guidelines/components/helptext/_index.en.md

---

> title: Helper texts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Help texts
```

> description: Helper texts are small text boxes that can be used to provide explanations to the user. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Help texts are small text boxes that can be used to provide explanations to the user. 
```

weight: 80
---

> You can also use the helper text field to explain rules, terms or explain why the information is necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use the help text field to explain rules, terms or explain why the information is necessary.
```

### Guidelines:

> - Helper texts are placed together with a label or title that needs further explanation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Help texts are placed together with a label or title that needs further explanation. 
```

> - If the content is necessary information to answer the form correctly, **do not** use the helper text, as required information should be placed in an info text in the UI (below the label).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the content is necessary information needed answer the form correctly, **do not** use a help text.  Instead, this kind of information should be placed in an info text in the UI (below the label).
```

Author: ```suggestion
- If information contained in a helper text is needed in order to answer the form correctly, **do not** use a help text, as required information should be placed in an info text in the UI (below the header).
```

> ### Example of use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example of usage:
```
